Changelog for 1.0.7.0 (#2343)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver: Changelog.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.7.0

### Feature:

* Greenfield: New on-chain wallet API @Kukks
* Greenfield: Ability to configure store's lightning payment methods @Kukks
* Allow an invoice to be marked invalid/complete even from the `new` state @Kukks

> * Point of Sale and Crowdfund: Allow custom buy button text @dennisreimann (see #2299)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Point of Sale and Crowdfund: Allow custom buy button text (see #2299) @dennisreimann
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specter wallet file import (see #2252) @dennisreimann

```

### Improvements:

> * Awesome, super, dope new UX for setting up store's wallet @dennisreimann @dstrukt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Awesome, super, dope new UX for setting up store's wallet (see #2164, #2296) @dennisreimann @dstrukt
```

> * Reenabling uppercase BECH32 in QR codes (See #2110) @rockstardev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reenabling uppercase BECH32 in QR codes (see #2110) @rockstardev
```

* If a store is set to internal node, use "Internal Node" as connection string rather than the actual connection string. @NicolasDorier
* Improve Policies options UX in server settings (see #2307) @dstrukt @dennisreimann
* Fix view payment request loading spinner alignment @bumbummen99 
* Fix cart pay button loading spinner vertical alignment @bumbummen99
* Invoices list: Remove icon indicator for onchain (see #2240) @dennisreimann

> * Login: Improve tab navigation for input fields @dennisreimann

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Login: Improve tab navigation for input fields (see #2258) @dennisreimann
```

# Changelog

## 1.0.7.0

> ### Feature:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Features:
```

> * New Wallet Setup UI  (see #2164, #2296) @dennisreimann @dstrukt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New Wallet Setup UI (see #2164, #2296) @dennisreimann @dstrukt
```

* Greenfield: Ability to configure store's lightning payment methods @Kukks
* Allow an invoice to be marked invalid/complete even from the `new` state @Kukks
* Point of Sale and Crowdfund: Allow custom buy button text (see #2299) @dennisreimann
* Specter wallet file import (see #2252) @dennisreimann

### Improvements:

> * Awesome, super, dope new UX for setting up store's wallet (see #2164, #2296) @dennisreimann @dstrukt

Reviewer 2: wtf

Reviewer: https://github.com/btcpayserver/btcpayserver/pull/2080#issuecomment-732756271 😹

> * Awesome, super, dope new UX for setting up store's wallet (see #2164, #2296) @dennisreimann @dstrukt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* New Initial Wallet Setup UI (see #2164, #2296) @dennisreimann @dstrukt
```

Reviewer 2: This can probably be listed under features rather than improvements, since it's a significant improvement.

Reviewer 3: Way to crash the party Pav !

# Changelog

## 1.0.7.0

### Feature:

* Greenfield: New on-chain wallet API @Kukks
* Greenfield: Ability to configure store's lightning payment methods @Kukks
* Allow an invoice to be marked invalid/complete even from the `new` state @Kukks

> * Point of Sale: Allow custom buy button text @dennisreimann
> * Point of Sale: Add custom buy button per product @dennisreimann
> * Crowdfund: Add custom buy button @dennisreimann

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Point of Sale and Crowdfund: Allow custom buy button text @dennisreimann (see #2299)
```

### Improvements:

* Awesome, super, dope new UX for setting up store's wallet @dennisreimann @dstrukt
* Reenabling uppercase BECH32 in QR codes (See #2110) @rockstardev

> * If a store is set to internal node, use "Internal Node" as connection string rather than the actual connection string.

Reviewer 3: Author missing.

Is this expected ?

> * Improve Policies options UX in server settings (see #2307) @dstruckt @dennisreimann

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve Policies options UX in server settings (see #2307) @dstrukt @dennisreimann
```

* Fix view payment request loading spinner alignment @bumbummen99 
* Fix cart pay button loading spinner vertical alignment @bumbummen99
* Invoices list: Remove icon indicator for onchain (see #2240) @dennisreimann
* Login: Improve tab navigation for input fields @dennisreimann

### Bug fixes:

* Hovering the mouse pointer on invoice logs row would make them unreadable @ubolator

> * Remove some exchange rate which were providing coingecko but not existing anymore @NicolasDorier

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Remove exchange rates that lost support in Coingecko @NicolasDorier
```

> * Get invoice in greenfield was crashing if invoiceId does not exists @NicolasDorier

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Get invoice in greenfield was crashing if invoiceId did not exist @NicolasDorier
```

> * Getting a file from the storage service which does not exists would return http 500 instead of 404 @NicolasDorier

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Getting a file from the storage service which did not exist would return http 500 instead of 404 @NicolasDorier
```

* Fix direct URL for local storage with custom root path #2318 @ubolator

> * The pay button would not show up properly on some website @ubolator

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The pay button would not show up properly on some websites @ubolator
```

* Profile email change should check email's availability @NicolasDorier
* Fixed mysql/sqlite support @ketominer
* Checkout: Fix scan/copy tab sizes with varying content (see #2264) @dennisreimann

> * Greenfield: Lightning API would HTTP 500 if store owner did not set the connection string @dennisreimann

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Greenfield: Lightning API would return HTTP 500 if store owner did not set the connection string @dennisreimann
```

> * Greenfield: Lightning API would HTTP 500 if store did not set the connection string @dennisreimann

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Greenfield: Lightning API would HTTP 500 if store owner did not set the connection string @dennisreimann
```
